The Water Carrier
January 21 to February 19
Traditional
Aquarian Traits

Friendly and humanitarian
Honest and loyal
Original and inventive
Independent and intellectual


On the dark side....

Intractable and contrary
Perverse and unpredictable
Unemotional and detached




Aquarius About Your Sign...
Aquarians basically possess strong and attractive personalities. They fall into two principle types: one shy, sensitive, gentle and patient; the other exuberant, lively and exhibitionist, sometimes hiding the considerable depths of their character under a cloak of frivolity. Both types are strong willed and forceful in their different ways and have strong convictions, though as they seek truth above all things, they are usually honest enough to change their opinions, however firmly held, if evidence comes to light which persuades them that they have been mistaken. They have a breadth of vision that brings diverse factors into a whole, and can see both sides of an argument without shilly-shallying as to which side to take. Consequently they are unprejudiced and tolerant of other points of view. This is because they can see the validity of the argument, even if they do not accept it themselves. They obey the Quaker exhortation to "Be open to truth, from whatever source it comes," and are prepared to learn from everyone.

Both types are humane, frank, serious minded, genial, refined, sometimes ethereal, and idealistic, though this last quality is tempered with a sensible practicality. They are quick, active and persevering without being self-assertive, and express themselves with reason, moderation and sometimes, a dry humor.

They are nearly always intelligent, concise, clear and logical. Many are strongly imaginative and psychically intuitive, so that the Age of Aquarius, which is about to begin, is much anticipated by psychic circles as an age in which mankind will experience a great spiritual awakening. The Aquarian philosophical and spiritual bent may be dangerous in that it can drive the subjects into an ivory-tower existence where they meditate on abstractions that bear little relevance to life. On the other hand it can help the many who have scientific leanings to combine these with the Aquarian yearning for the universal recognition of the brotherhood of man, and to embark on scientific research to fulfill their philanthropic ideals of benefiting mankind. When some cause or work of this nature inspires them, they are capable of such devotion to it that they may drive themselves to the point of exhaustion and even risk injuring their health.

Both types need to retire from the world at times and to become temporary loners. They appreciate opportunities for meditation or, if they are religious, of retreats. Even in company they are fiercely independent, refusing to follow the crowd. They dislike interference by others, however helpfully intended, and will accept it only on their own terms. Normally they have good taste in drama, music and art, and are also gifted in the arts, especially drama.

In spite of the often intensely magnetic, forthcoming and open personality of the more extrovert kind of Aquarian, and of their desire to help humanity, neither type makes friends easily. They sometimes appear to condescend to others and take too little trouble to cultivate the acquaintance of people who do not particularly appeal to them. They do not give themselves easily - perhaps their judgment of human nature is too good for that - and are sometimes accounted cold. But once they decide that someone is worthy of their friendship or love, they can exert an almost hypnotic and irresistible mental attraction on them and will themselves become tenacious friends or lovers, ready to sacrifice everything for their partners and be faithful to them for life. However, they are sometimes disappointed emotionally because their own high personal ideals cause them to demand more of others than is reasonable. And if they are deceived their anger is terrible. If disillusioned, they do not forgive.

Aquarians work best in group projects, provided that they are recognized as having a leading part in them. They have a feeling of unity with nature and a desire for knowledge and truth that makes them admirable scientists, especially astronomers and natural historians. They may excel in photography, radiography, electronics - anything connected with the electrical and radio industries - aviation and everything technical. On the arts and humanities side their progressive tendencies can be expressed in writing, especially poetry, and broadcasting, or as welfare workers and teachers. Some have gifts as entertainers and make good character actors (having an ability to mimic) and musicians. The more psychic among them possess healing gifts, especially in curing the mentally sick.

Among the faults to which they are liable are fanatical eccentricity, wayward egotism, excessive detachment and an inclination to retreat from life and society, and a tendency to be extremely dogmatic in their opinions. Aquarians can be a threat to all they survey or a great boon for humanity in general. Circumstances - for example, continuous opposition to a cause they hold dear - may cause the atrophy of the openness of mind that is one of the Aquarian's most attractive traits. They may express a lack of integrity in broken promises, secretiveness or cunning. Simmering anger and resentment, rudeness or, worse, a tense, threatening silence which may suddenly burst out in eruptions of extreme temper, these are all part of the negative side of the Aquarian. This can also reveal itself in a sustained hatred for enemies that is capable of enlarging itself into a misanthropy toward the whole of mankind.

Possible Health Concerns...

As Aquarius is said to govern the legs from knees to ankles and the circulation of blood, its natives are susceptible to ailments particularly in the legs and ankles, such as cramps, and are also liable to spasmodic and nervous complaints, as well as wind, catarrh, diarrhea, dropsy, goiter and delirium tremens - so that the avoidance of alcohol is important for those Aquarians who have a taste for it.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIKES 
Fighting for Causes 
Dreaming and Planning for the Future 
Thinking of the Past 
Good Companions 
Having Fun 
DISLIKES 
Full of Air Promises 
Excessive Loneliness 
The Ordinary 
Imitations 
Idealistic 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

PROBLEMS THAT MAY ARISE FOR YOU, AND THEIR SOLUTIONS 

  As with all sun signs, we all have unique traits to our personalities. When these traits are suppressed, or unrealized, problems will arise. However, with astrology we can examine the problem and assess the proper solution based on the sun sign characteristics. As an aquarius you may see things below that really strike home. Try the solution, you most likely will be amazed at the results. If you find yourself on the receiving end of the negatives below, it is because you are failing to express the positive.

Problem:  Being left all alone while others enjoy the companionship you long for.

Solution:  You should practice expressing your humanity by accepting people the way they are and not find too much fault in them. 


Problem:  You always seem to miss the boat when it comes to love.

Solution:  Try letting down the mental guard that you keep on your emotions that stops you from being the self you long to be.


Problem:  You always seem to miss out on the better jobs or big promotions at work.

Solution:  Learn to use your positive side in teamwork and group effort, the lone wolf approach will get you nowhere.


Problem:  You seem to become physically ill more than you should.

Solution:  By repressing your emotions you drive the unrest deep inside where it can cost you in terms of health. Express your feelings but do it with tact.





--------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Your ruling planet is URANUS
Click this picture to see a BIG picture of your planet.
  		 URANUS:
	Mean distance from the Sun(AU)		19.218
	Sidereal period of orbit(years)		84.01
	Equatorial radius(km)			25559
	Polar radius(km)			24973
	Body rotation period(hours)		17.24
	Tilt of equator to orbit(degrees)	97.92
	Number of observed satellites		15
 
		   
			Mean Radius	Distance from Planet	
			   (km)		   ( x 1,000 km)	
Satellites:
	Cordelia	    13			49.75
	Ophelia		    16			53.77	
	Bianca  	    22			59.16
	Cressida	    33			61.77
	Desdemona	    29			62.65
	Juliet	  	    42 			64.63
	Portia		    55			66.10
	Rosalind	    27			69.93
	Belinda		    34			72.25
	Puck		    77			86.00
	Miranda		   236 		       129.8
	Ariel		   579	               191.2
	Umbriel		   586		       266.0
	Titania		   790 		       435.8		
	Oberon		   762		       582.6

		       


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some more interesting facts about your sign: 



The WATERBEARER
The symbol associated with your sign is the waterbearer, it is symbolic of the Gods nourishing the earth with life giving energies. One of the first to be called the waterbearer was the Greek God Zeus in mythology. 




The color of choice for Aquarius isTURQUOISE








TURQUOISE
The beautiful Turquoise is your birthstone. 
The name comes from the French "turquoise", which means "Turkey" as in the original localities in Persia (today Iran). Since before 4000 BC Turquoise has been used and coveted. It can be pure in color or may contain secondary minerals. If the matrix forms a pattern of interlocking polygons it is called "spider-web" turquoise.



---------------------------------------------


RE:   BIRTHSTONE CONTROVERSY
There is, and always have been, a controversy over "Birthstones".   I give you here in these pages the stones that are called your starstones, (planet stones), which viberates the strongest to your planet or sign, NOT to the month that you were born.   I would also like it if those who think they know precisely what their stone is to go to the library and reference some good Astrology books such as 'Parkers Astrology'.   Sorry for the confusion, but confusion over this topic has raged for hundreds of years!



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Custom Birthcharts and synastry! Get a Custom Birthchart first, pay later!

That's right! You can find out more about yourself and your mate than you ever dreamed! I am so confident that you will be 100% satisfied with the scope and content of this professional service, I will actually send it first, and bill you later! 
Click the picture to go to the form area!








--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Some Famous Aquarians:
Charles Darwin (February 12, 1809)
Thomas Alva Edison (February 11, 1847)
Abraham Lincoln (February 12, 1809)
Vanessa Redgrave (January 30, 1937)
Franklin Delano Roosevelt (January 30, 1882)
Frederick Douglas Oprah Winfrey 
Charles Dickens
John McEnroe
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Jack Nicklaus
Ronald Reagan 


