The Goat
December 22 to January 20
Traditional
Capricorn Traits

Practical and prudent
Ambitious and disciplined
Patient and careful
Humorous and reserved


On the dark side....

Pessimistic and fatalistic
Miserly and grudging
Over conventional and rigid




Capricorn! About Your Sign...
Capricorn is one of the most stable and (mostly) serious of the zodiacal types. These independent, rocklike characters have many sterling qualities. They are normally confident, strong willed and calm. These hardworking, unemotional, shrewd, practical, responsible, persevering, and cautious to the extreme persons, are capable of persisting for as long as is necessary to accomplish a goal they have set for themselves. They are reliable workers in almost any profession they undertake. They are the major finishers of most projects started by the 'pioneering' signs; with firm stick-to-it-ness they quickly become the backbone of any company they work for. 

Capricornians make of themselves, resourceful, determined managers; setting high standards for themselves and others. They strive always for honesty in their criticism of self, they respect discipline from above and demand it from those beneath them. In their methodical, tough, stubborn, unyielding way, they persist against personal hardship, putting their families and/or their work before their own needs and welfare to reach their objectives long after others have given up and fallen by the wayside. In fact when practical ability allied with the drive of ambition are required in employees to make a project succeed, Capricornians are the people to hire. They plan carefully to fulfill their ambitions (which often include becoming wealthy), they are economical without meanness, and able to achieve great results with minimum effort and expense. Because of their organizing ability they are able to work on several projects simultaneously.

They have a great respect for authority but may not, if they reach high rank, be willing to listen to other opinions on things they are directly responsible for. As the ranking authority figure in a given situation they expect their underlings to be as self disciplined as they themselves are, and to perform every task undertaken to the highest standard. They are, nevertheless, fair as well as demanding. Among their equals they are not always the most pleasant of work fellows for they are reserved and too conservative, valuing tradition more than innovation, however valuable the latter, and they are often humorless. There is also a tendency to pessimism, melancholy and even unhappiness which many Capricornians are unable to keep to themselves, especially if they fail personally. In the extreme this trait can make them a very depressed individual; ecstatic happiness alternating with the most wretched kind of misery which is so subconsciously buried that he or she should seek help if such emotions become frequent. For the above reason, capable Capricorn should spend many hours in meditation, gathering the strength to control such inner emotions.

The swings in mood are not the only reason some Capricornians deserve the adjective based on their name - capricious. They can be surprisingly and suddenly witty and subtle for the quiet, reserved individuals they seem to be, and they also have a tendency to ruin things by unexpected and utterly irresponsible bouts of flippancy. In certain individuals in whom the characteristic is strong, the temptation to do this has to be resisted with iron self-control. Another unexpected quality in some Capricornians is an interest in the occult which persists in spite of their naturally skeptical turn of mind.

Their intellects are sometimes very subtle. They think profoundly and deeply, throughly exploring all possibilities before deciding on a 'safe' alternative. They have good memories and an insatiable yet methodical desire for knowledge. They are rational, logical and clearheaded, have good concentration, delight in debate in which they can show off their cleverness by luring their adversaries into traps and confounding them with logic.

In their personal relationships they are often ill-at-ease, if not downright unhappy. They are somewhat self-centered but not excessively so, wary and cautious around people they do not know very well, preferring not to meddle with others and in turn not to allow interference with themselves, thus they tend to attract people who do not understand them. Casual acquaintances they will treat with diplomacy, tact and, above all, reticence. They make few good friends but are intensely loyal to those they do make, and they can become bitter, and powerful enemies. They sometimes dislike the opposite sex and test the waters of affection gingerly before judging the temperature right for marriage. Once married, however, they are faithful, though inclined to jealousy. Most Capricornians marry for life.

Their occupations can include most professions that have to do with math or money and they are strongly attracted to music. They can be economists, financiers, bankers, speculators, contractors, managers and real estate brokers. They excel as bureaucrats, especially where projects demanding long-term planning and working are concerned, and their skill in debate and love of dialectic make them good politicians. They are excellent teachers, especially as principals of educational establishments where they have the authority to manage and organize without too much intimacy with the staff members. If working with their hands, they can become practical scientists, engineers, farmers and builders. The wit and flippancy which is characteristic of certain Capricornians may make some turn to entertainment as a career.

Possible Health Concerns...

Capricorn governs the knees, bones and skin, so its subjects may be liable to fractures and strains of the knees and other defects of the legs. Skin diseases from rashes and boils to leprosy (in countries where that disease is prevalent) are dangers, and digestive upsets may be caused by the tendency of Capricorns to worry or suppress emotions. Anemia, Bright's disease, catarrh, deafness, rheumatism and rickets are also said to threaten the natives of this sign.




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIKES 
Reliability 
Professionalism 
Knowing what you discuss 
Firm Foundations 
Purpose 
DISLIKES 
Wild Schemes 
Fantasies 
Go-nowhere jobs 
Ignominy 
Ridicule 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PROBLEMS THAT MAY ARISE FOR YOU, AND THEIR SOLUTIONS 

As with all sun signs, we all have unique traits to our personalities. When these traits are suppressed, or unrealized, problems will arise. However, with astrology we can examine the problem and assess the proper solution based on the sun sign characteristics. As a Capricornian, you may see things below that really strike home. Try the solution, you most likely will be amazed at the results. If you find yourself on the receiving end of the negatives below, it is because you are failing to express the positive.

PROBLEM:   Having people take advantage of you and your good nature.

SOLUTION:  Try being more careful with your favors, and putting number one first for a change.



PROBLEM:  Having people getting "turned off" of you.

SOLUTION:  Examine the kind of causes that you have been defending or pushing lately; make wiser choices.



PROBLEM:   Coworkers not liking to work along side of you, sharing projects.

SOLUTION:   While you make a good authority figure try not to act like it when working in tandem with another as an equal.



PROBLEM:  Getting too tired out and not finishing projects that you have in the works.

SOLUTION:   Try not to make too many plans and have them scheduled too close together. Try pacing yourself and you  will clear this problem up.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Your ruling planet is SATURN


Click this picture to see a BIG picture of your planet.
  		 Mean Distance from the Sun(AU)		9.555
 		 Sidereal period of orbit(years)	29.46
 		 Equatorial radius(km)			60268
 		 Polar radius(km)			54360
 		 Body rotation period(hours)		10.66
 		 Tilt of equator to orbit(degrees)	26.73
 		 Number of observed satellites 		18 			       


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some more interesting facts about your sign: 


The animal associated with your sign is this beautiful Goat, it is a surefooted animal that weighs in at an average of 150-300 pounds and reaching heights of 35-45 inches. Due to its hooves, with cushioned skid-proof pads for grip, the goat is very agile. This animal has a narrow head with slender, black horns that rise in a backward curve to a length of 10-12 inches. 
The coat is white and on the chin is a double beard of long hair. 




The color of choice for Capricorn isBROWN
and most dark colors 








BLACK ONYX
The beautiful Onyx is your birthstone. Onyx is a type of agate (cryptocrystaline Quartz) that is recognized by the alternating, parallel bands of black and white. It is used for the carving of cameos, (a figure carved in the white layer which stands in relief against the black layer). If the white layer alternates with a different color then the agate is given different names: if red it's carnelian-onyx, if brown it is sardonyx, and if the second layer is of the pale shades that characterizes common chalcedony it is called chalcedony-onyx. A solid piece of pure black Onyx is dyed. Agates are not always dyed black unless it is called Onyx, (Agate is frequently dyed red, green, blue, etc.) 


---------------------------------------------


RE:   BIRTHSTONE CONTROVERSY
There is, and always have been, a controversy over "Birthstones".   I give you here in these pages the stones that are called your starstones, (planet stones), which viberates the strongest to your planet or sign, NOT to the month that you were born.   I would also like it if those who think they know precisely what their stone is to go to the library and reference some good Astrology books such as 'Parkers Astrology'.   Sorry for the confusion, but confusion over this topic has raged for hundreds of years!



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Custom Birthcharts and synastry! Get a Custom Birthchart first, pay later!

That's right! You can find out more about yourself and your mate than you ever dreamed! I am so confident that you will be 100% satisfied with the scope and content of this professional service, I will actually send it first, and bill you later! 
Click the picture to go to the form area!








--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some Famous Capricornians
Sir Isaac Newton (December 25, 1642)
Richard Nixon (January 9, 1913)
Louis Pasteur (December 27, 1822)
Edgar Allen Poe (1809)
Elvis Presley (January 8, 1935)
Michael Crawford(January 19, 1942) 
