The Fish
February 20 to March 20
Traditional
Pisces Traits

Imaginative and sensitive
Compassionate and kind
Selfless and unworldly
Intuitive and sympathetic


On the dark side....

Escapist and idealistic
Secretive and vague
Weak-willed and easily led




Pisces! About Your Sign...
Pisces,
one of the less flamboyant signs and its natives are more ordinary than those of, for example, Leo, Scorpio and Aquarius. Pisceans possess a gentle, patient, malleable nature. They have many generous qualities and are friendly, good natured, kind and compassionate, sensitive to the feelings of those around them, and respond with the utmost sympathy and tact to any suffering they encounter. They are deservedly popular with all kinds of people, partly because their easygoing, affectionate, submissive natures offer no threat or challenge to stronger and more exuberant characters. They accept the people around them and the circumstances in which they find themselves rather than trying to adapt them to suit themselves, and they patiently wait for problems to sort themselves out rather than take the initiative in solving them. They are more readily concerned with the problems of others than with their own.

Their natures tend to be too otherworldly for the practical purposes of living in this world as it is. They exist emotionally rather than rationally, instinctively more than intellectually. Their willpower, ambition they long to be recognized as greatly creative and reasoning are all limited and, however anxious they are to fulfill themselves, their concentration is weak; they lack decisiveness and they are easily diverted from their purposes. They are apt to live a shiftless sort of life, searching for some career in which they can really find themselves, but being easily discouraged they become despondent, feeling unappreciated and moving on to something or someone else. They also dislike disciple and confinement within routine the nine-to-five life is not for them - and confinement by codes of behavior. Any rebellion they make against convention is personal, however, as they do not have the energy to battle against the Establishment.

Pisceans tend to withdraw into a dream world where their qualities can bring mental satisfaction and sometimes, but by no means inevitably, fame and financial reward for they are gifted artistically. They are also versatile and intuitive, have quick understanding, observe and listen well, and are receptive to new ideas and atmospheres. All these factors can combine to produce remarkable creativity in literature, music and art. They may count among their gifts mediumistic qualities which can give them a feeling that their best work comes from outside themselves, "Whispered beyond the misted curtains, screening this world from that." Even when they cannot express themselves creatively they have a greater than average instinct for, and love of, beauty in art and nature, a catlike appreciation of luxury and pleasure, and a yearning for new sensations and travel to remote, exotic places.

They are never egotistical in their personal relationships and give more than they ask from their friends. They are sexually delicate, in the extreme almost asexual, and most Pisceans would want a relationship in which the partner's mind and spirit rather than the body resonated with their own. Unfortunately they can be easily misled by a lover who courts them delicately and in marriage makes them unhappy by a coarser sexuality than they expected. They are nevertheless intensely loyal and home-loving and will remain faithful - though their dreamy and impractical natures do not fit them to keep a tidy and well-run house.

In their employment they are better working either by themselves or in subordinate positions. Their talents are individual in a commercial business or similar undertaking they would be afraid to manage more than a small department, worrying always that they would fail in a crisis. They can make fair secretaries and bookkeepers. Their sympathy equips them for work in charities catering for the needy, as nurses looking after the sick and as veterinary surgeons caring for animals. As librarians or astronomers they can satisfy their mental wanderlust, and their fondness for "faraway places with strange-sounding names" may turn them into sailors or travellers. Many architects and lawyers are Pisceans, and when the creative abilities are combined with gifts of imitation and the ability to enter into the feelings of others, Pisceans find their fulfillment on the stage. Their psychic and spiritual qualities can lead them into careers in the church or as mediums and mystics. They may find an outlet for their creativity as caterers, and are said to make good detectives because they can imagine themselves in the place of criminals and understand how their minds would work. In technical occupations they are well employed in dealing with anaesthetics, fluids, gases and plastics. Because of their lively versatility and inability to concentrate overmuch on any one project, Pisceans often simultaneously follow more than one occupation.

Their faults are exasperating rather than vicious. They can be oversubtle, oversensitive and overemotional. In business they can be unreliable, idle, careless, impractical and ineffective. Their friends may find their diffidence and sense of their own unimportance irritating and may eventually want to shake off acquaintances who not only lack initiative but are peevish and extravagantly temperamental in their dependence on them. Other faults of which the negative Piscean is accused are fickleness, gossiping, indiscretion, effeminacy and gullibility. They may not be able to avoid being sickly, but their fretting hypochondria can wear out a saint's patience. They can be intellectually dishonest and also actually fraudulent, deceitful and hypocritical. They are often indecisive in important matters yet will uphold absurdities with the obstinacy of the weak. When they feel themselves rejected, lonely or failures, or simply through feeble self-indulgence, they will find refuge in drugs or the bottle.

Possible Health Concerns...

Pisces governs the feet, liver and lymphatics, and its subjects can be threatened by anaemia, boils, ulcers and other skin diseases, especially inflammation of the eyelids, gout, inflammation, heavy periods and foot disorders and lameness.




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIKES 
Solitude to dream in 
Mystery in all its guises 
Anything discarded to stay discarded 
The ridiculas 
like to get 'lost' 
DISLIKES 
the obvious 
being critized 
feeling all at sea about something 
know-it-alls 
pedantry 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


PROBLEMS THAT MAY ARISE FOR YOU, AND THEIR SOLUTIONS 

As with all sun signs, we all have unique traits to our personalities. When these traits are suppressed, or unrealized, problems will arise. However, with astrology we can examine the problem and assess the proper solution based on the sun sign characteristics. As a pisces you may see things below that really strike home. Try the solution, you most likely will be amazed at the results. If you find yourself on the receiving end of the negatives below, it is because you are failing to express the positive.

Problem:  You find yourself being walked on or over in all manner of ways.

Solution:  Try to reorient your thinking and assert yourself in a quiet, reserved manner that is more impressive than blustering.



Problem:  Never seeming to have enough money to round out the week with much less the month even though your salary is on a par with everyone else'.

Solution:  You are prone to act as if you have more than you actually do and tend to spend that which you do not have or need for other things. Forego some of the parties and make a strict budget to put yourself on.



Problem:  A strong sense of despair not shared by family and friends, thus leaving you with that all alone feeling.

Solution:  You must come out of yourself and open up to those around you, you have the power to inspire others making you an important part of the human race; take your rightful place.



Problem:  Causing others to be quarrelsome or to walk out on you all together.

Solution:  The upstream fish may be pushing too hard for someone to meet your ideals and could wind up pushing people right out of your life. Try lightning up.




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Your ruling planet is NEPTUNE
Click this picture to see a BIG picture of your planet.

							
      Mean Distance from the Sun(AU)	    30.109
 		  Sidereal period of orbit(years)	164.79		  
		  Equatorial Radius(km)			24764	 	  
		  Polar Radius(km)			24340		 
		  Body rotation period(hours)		16.11		 
		  Tilt of equator to orbit(degrees)	28.8		 
		  Number of observed satellites		8		  


Neptune's Satellites
Neptune has 8 known moons; 7 small ones and Triton. 
           Distance  Radius    Mass
Satellite  (000 km)   (km)     (kg)   Discoverer   Date
---------  --------  ------  -------  ----------  -----
Naiad          48      29      ?    Voyager 2    1989
Thalassa       50      40      ?    Voyager 2    1989
Despina         53      74      ?   Voyager 2    1989
Galatea         62      79      ?   Voyager 2    1989
Larissa         74      96      ?   Voyager 2    1989
Proteus         118     209      ?  Voyager 2    1989 
Triton        355    1350  2.14e22  Lassell      1846
Nereid        5509     170      ?   Kuiper       1949


Neptune's Rings
         Distance   Width
Ring       (km)      (km)     aka
-------  --------   -----   -------
Diffuse    41900       15   1989N3R, Galle
Inner      53200       15   1989N2R, LeVerrier
Plateau    53200     5800   1989N4R, Lassell, Arago
Main       62930      50   1989N1R, Adams

(distance is from Neptune's center to the ring's inner edge) 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some more interesting facts about your sign: 



The animal associated with your sign is the fish,(actually two fish swimming in different directions). Fish have long been a food staple and it is also associated with Christianity as a symbol, the two fishes swimming in opposite directions points up the inner tensions of the sign of pisces. 

The color of choice for Pisces is Soft Seagreen 




Your birthstone is the precious Moonstone. They are not brilliant stones, in fact, all of the specimens, from the peach and grays to the gem-quality blue and rainbow-colored pieces, are soft and translucent. The physical appearance of a stone often suggests its spiritual qualities, and moonstone's most important attribute is the ability to assist us in calming and soothing the emotions. When one has achieved a state of emotional calmness, this stone may be used to open a path to an intuitive understanding of spirituality.

---------------------------------------------


RE:   BIRTHSTONE CONTROVERSY
There is, and always have been, a controversy over "Birthstones".   I give you here in these pages the stones that are called your starstones, (planet stones), which viberates the strongest to your planet or sign, NOT to the month that you were born.   I would also like it if those who think they know precisely what their stone is to go to the library and reference some good Astrology books such as 'Parkers Astrology'.   Sorry for the confusion, but confusion over this topic has raged for hundreds of years!



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Custom Birthcharts and synastry! Get a Custom Birthchart first, pay later!

That's right! You can find out more about yourself and your mate than you ever dreamed! I am so confident that you will be 100% satisfied with the scope and content of this professional service, I will actually send it first, and bill you later! 
Click the picture to go to the form area!








--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some Famous Pisceans

George Frederick Handel (February 23, 1685)
Elizabeth Taylor (February 27, 1932)
Cindy Crawford (February 20, 1966)
Kurt Cobain (Feb. 20, 1967)

