The Archer
November 23 to December 21
Traditional
Sagittarius Traits

Optimistic and freedom-loving
Jovial and good-humored
Honest and straightforward
Intellectual and philosophical


On the dark side....

Blindly optimistic and careless
Irresponsible and superficial
Tactless and restless




Sagittarius About Your Sign...
Sagittarians have a positive outlook on life, are full of enterprise, energy, versatility, adventurousness and eagerness to extend experience beyond the physically familiar. They enjoy travelling and exploration, the more so because their minds are constantly open to new dimensions of thought. They are basically ambitious and optimistic, and continue to be so even when their hopes are dashed. Their strongly idealistic natures can also suffer many disappointments without being affected. They are honorable, honest, trustworthy, truthful, generous and sincere, with a passion for justice. They are usually on the side of the underdog in society they will fight for any cause they believe to be just, and are prepared to be rebellious. They balance loyalty with independence.

Sagittarians are usually modest and are often religious, with a strong sense of morality, though they tend to overemphasize the ethical codes they follow and worship beliefs about God rather than God Himself. This means that, negatively, they regard rigid, unloving, intolerant adherence to ritual and conventional codes as more important than the truths they symbolize or embody. They sometimes pay lip service to religions and political parties in which they have ceased to believe because the outward forms satisfy them, yet they may not hesitate to switch allegiance in politics or change their system of belief if they see personal advantage to themselves in doing so.

They have both profound and widely ranging minds, equipped with foresight and good judgement, and they can be witty conversationalists. They love to initiate new projects (they make excellent researchers) and have an urge to understand conceptions that are new to them. they think rapidly, are intuitive and often original, but are better at adapting than inventing and are at their best when working with colleagues of other types of character that compliment their own. They are strong-willed and good at organizing, a combination that gives them the ability to bring any project they undertake to a successful conclusion. Their generosity can be balanced by their extreme care at handling their resources.

Sagittarians are ardent, sincere and straightforward in love, normally conventional and in control of their sexual natures. Yet if thwarted, they may easily allow their failure to embitter their whole lives or they may revenge themselves upon the opposite sex by becoming cynically promiscuous. They are more apt then the average to make an uncongenial alliance. If their marriages are successful, they will be faithful spouses and indulgent parents; but their innate restlessness will inspire them to use even the most satisfying ménage as a base from which to set out on their travels. They need to fell free and are often faced with the choice of allowing their careers to take over their lives at the expense of the love of their spouse and family. Sagittarian women are the counterparts of their men; even if they have no career to rival their love, they find it difficult to express affection and may run the risk of being thought frigid.

In other personal relationships they are reliable, seldom betraying any trust given to them. They can, however, be impulsively angry and both male and female Sagittarians know how to be outspoken and exactly what expressions will hurt their adversaries most. On the other hand they are magnanimous in forgiving offenses and are responsible when looking after the elderly in the family.

Their gifts fit Sagittarians for a number of widely differing professions. They are natural teachers and philosophers with a talent for expounding the moral principles and laws which seem to explain the universe. This gift enables them to be successful churchmen on the one hand and scientists on the other. The law and politics also suit them, as does public service, social administration, public relations and advertising. Travel and exploration naturally appeal to such restless souls and, if their opportunities are limited, they may find something of travel and change of scene in the armed forces or through working as a travelling salesman. Others may make fine musicians and, in the days before automobiles, they were said to be successful at horse trading and all activities, including sporting ones, concerning horses. This has been translated in modern terms into an interest in cars and aircraft - and again with emphasis on the sporting side racing, rallying etc. They are said to make good sports coaches, but their tastes in this direction may lead them into imprudent gambling, though the gambling instinct may be sublimated by carrying it out professionally as a bookmaker.

The vices to which Sagittarians are prone are anger they tend to flare up over trifles; impatience - they want to rush every new project through immediately and demand too much of colleagues who cannot work at the pace they require; and scorn of the inadequacies of others while expecting fulsome recognition of their own efforts. They may in one sense deserve recognition, because in completing a major project they will sacrifice their health and family relationships; in their family's eyes they may merit condemnation.

They can be exacting, domineering and inconsiderate in the work place; and boastful, vulgar and extravagant in their private lives. Their restlessness, if excessive, can jeopardize more than their own stability. some Sagittarians risk becoming playboys, wasting their lives away in frivolous pursuits. Others can develop a moralizing, religious fanaticism or else turn into hypocrites, their inner prudishness disguised by an outward appearance of joviality. Another side of the religiosity which is a danger in Sagittarians is superstition.

Possible Health Concerns...

Sagittarius governs the hips, thighs and sacral area; subjects suffer from ailments of the hips and thighs and are liable to sciatica and rheumatism. An alleged deficiency of silicon in their physiques can give them poor skin, nails and hair.

As they are often sportsmen indulging in dangerous pursuits, they are prone to accidents which arise from these. The ancient astrologers mention falls from horses and hurts from them and other four-footed beasts. The taking of risks in other sports is a danger to the modern Sagittarian, and he is also liable to accidents with fire and heat.




--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

LIKES 
Traveling 
getting to the heart of the matter 
Freedom 
Laws and meanings 
the general 'feel' of things 
DISLIKES 
Off the wall theories 
being tied down domestically 
Being constrained 
cooling your heels 
bothered with details 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


  PROBLEMS THAT MAY ARISE FOR YOU, AND THEIR SOLUTIONS 
As with all sun signs, we all have unique traits to our personalities. When these traits are suppressed, or unrealized, problems will arise. However, with astrology we can examine the problem and assess the proper solution based on the sun sign characteristics. As a Sagittarius you may see things below that really strike home. Try the solution, you most likely will be amazed at the results. If you find yourself on the receiving end of the negatives below, it is because you are failing to express the positive.


PROBLEM:  Others have no time for you as you are apt to have too many irons in the fire at any given time. 

SOLUTION:  Be sure that you have a 'product' to match all the 'advertising' you do. Is it fact or is it fiction?



PROBLEM:  Others cease to confide in you or to take you seriously.

SOLUTION:  Try not to exaggerate or be contentious with others as this could be embarrassing if they feel you are not trustworthy.



PROBLEM:  Feeling lost and disillusioned.

SOLUTION:  Focus upon one thing that will satisfy you and work toward that point.



PROBLEM:  You seem anchored in one spot, unable to move forward.



SOLUTION: You should try to think more positive thoughts and set some short term goals that you can reach, then set more. In this way you will move ahead in your endeavors. 



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Your ruling planet is JUPITER
Click this picture to see a BIG picture of your planet. 

JUPITER:
	Mean distance from the Sun (AU)		5.202
	Sidereal period of orbit (years) 	11.86
	Equatorial radius (km)			71,492
	Polar radius (km)			66,854
	Body rotation period (hours)		9.92
	Tilt of equator to orbit (degrees)	3.08
	Number of observed satellites		16



Satellite Data

			Mean Radius	Distance from Planet
			   (km)		   (x 1,000 km)
Satellites:
	Metis		    20			127.96	
	Adrastea	    10			128.98
	Amalthea	    94			181.3
	Thebe		    50			221.90
	Io		 1,815			421.6
	Europa		 1,569			670.9	
	Ganymede	 2,631		      1,070	
	Callisto	 2,400		      1,883	
	Leda		     8		     11,094	
	Himalia		    93		     11,480
	Lysithea	    18		     11,720
	Elara		    38		     11,737
	Ananke		    15		     21,200
	Carme	   	    20 		     22,600
	Pasiphae	    25		     23,500
	Sinope		    18 		     23,700





--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some more interesting facts about your sign: 



The animal associated with you sign is the centaur. 
The Greek love for the horse led to the ennoblement of the centaur in myth and legend. The Centaur Chiron was known for his wisdom and healing abilities. Nessus was killed by Hercules for trying to rape a woman under his charge, and other centaurs were renowned for their weakness for drink. The centaur symbolizes mankinds dual nature as an intellectual creature (the human half) which was also a physical animal (the horse half). 




The color of choice for Sagittarius is RICH PURPLE







Your Birthstone is the TOPAZ 
Topaz, the gem comes in many different colors and is a member of the quartz group. It aids in bringing forth your leadership qualities and enables you to grasp control of any situation you confront in life. Topaz makes you feel more in control of yourself or the situations you encounter and helps you deal with them in a competent fashion. It helps you take the lead and handle things in a competent fashion. Tradition has it that Topaz helped foretell the future, enhance sexual energy, and promote harmony. 

---------------------------------------------


RE:   BIRTHSTONE CONTROVERSY
There is, and always have been, a controversy over "Birthstones".   I give you here in these pages the stones that are called your starstones, (planet stones), which viberates the strongest to your planet or sign, NOT to the month that you were born.   I would also like it if those who think they know precisely what their stone is to go to the library and reference some good Astrology books such as 'Parkers Astrology'.   Sorry for the confusion, but confusion over this topic has raged for hundreds of years!



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Custom Birthcharts and synastry! Get a Custom Birthchart first, pay later!

That's right! You can find out more about yourself and your mate than you ever dreamed! I am so confident that you will be 100% satisfied with the scope and content of this professional service, I will actually send it first, and bill you later! 
Click the picture to go to the form area!








--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some Famous Sagittarians:
Sir Winston Churchill (November 30, 1874)
Ludwig van Beethoven (December 16 or 17, 1770)
Mark Twain (November 30, 1835)
Francis Albert Sinatra (December 12, 1915)
Jim Morrison (December 8, 1943)

